c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\MOE.exe.config
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MOE.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MOE_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MOE.g.resources
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MOE.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MOE.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\MOE.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\MOE.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MOE.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\obj\Debug\MOE.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\VDS.Common.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\VDS.Common.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\dotNetRDF.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\dotNetRDF.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\dotNetRDF.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MOE\MOE\bin\Debug\VDS.Common.pdb
